<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="passage-l20-npo">
    
    <title>Near-Package Optics</title>
    <shortdesc>The Passage L20 NPO configuration deploys directly on the
        host PCB adjacent to the ASIC, delivering high-bandwidth optical
        connectivity without modifying the chip package.</shortdesc>
    
    <conbody>
        <p>Near-Package Optics (NPO) places the L20 module on the PCB or a
            mezzanine board in close proximity to the host ASIC. This shortens
            electrical trace lengths between the SerDes and the optical engine,
            reducing power consumption and improving signal integrity compared
            to pluggable solutions.</p>
        
        <p>The NPO configuration requires no package modification to the host
            ASIC, making it accessible to a wide range of deployment scenarios
            without changes to the chip design or packaging process. The L20
            module is reflow-compatible via its 1827-ball BGA form factor,
            integrating into standard PCB assembly workflows.</p>
        
        <section>
            <title>BiDi advantage in NPO deployments</title>
            <p>The L20's bidirectional optical links transmit and receive on a
                single fiber per lane using Corning CPO Flexconnect. With 32 data
                fibers supporting 212.5 Gbps PAM4 per lane, the NPO configuration
                delivers 6.4 Tbps in each direction while halving the fiber
                infrastructure required compared to conventional duplex solutions.
                This density advantage is critical in high-radix switch deployments
                where fiber management is a practical constraint.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Thermal management</title>
            <p>The L20 NPO module is cooled via cold plate, meeting ASHRAE A2
                compliance requirements. This makes it compatible with standard
                data center cooling infrastructure without requiring specialized
                liquid cooling beyond what is already present in high-density
                AI rack deployments.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    
</concept>