<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="passage-l20-obo">
    
    <title>On-Board Optics</title>
    <shortdesc>The <keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20"/> OBO configuration uses a retimer to extend
        placement flexibility on the host PCB, enabling optimized board layout
        for thermal management and signal integrity in longer-reach
        applications.</shortdesc>
    
    <conbody>
        <p>On-Board Optics (OBO) addresses deployments where the <keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20"/> module
            cannot be placed immediately adjacent to the host ASIC due to board
            layout constraints, thermal zones, or mechanical requirements. A
            retimer bridges the electrical path between the ASIC SerDes and the
            <keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20"/>, extending the allowable distance between the two without
            degrading signal integrity.</p>
        
        <p>While the NPO configuration eliminates the retimer entirely, the
            OBO configuration trades that latency saving for significantly greater
            placement flexibility. This makes OBO the preferred choice for board
            designs where thermal management, power delivery, or mechanical
            constraints make direct ASIC proximity impractical.</p>
        
        <section>
            <title>Board layout benefits</title>
            <p>By decoupling the <keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20"/> placement from the ASIC location, the OBO
                configuration allows system designers to optimize the board for
                airflow, power distribution, and mechanical constraints
                independently of optical module placement. This flexibility is
                particularly valuable in multi-ASIC designs where competing thermal
                and signal integrity requirements must be balanced across a
                complex PCB.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Bandwidth and fiber consistency</title>
            <p>The OBO configuration delivers identical optical bandwidth to the
                NPO configuration — 6.4 Tbps per direction across 32 data fibers
                at 212.5 Gbps PAM4 per lane. The BiDi single-fiber architecture
                and Corning CPO Flexconnect interface are consistent across both
                form factors, allowing system architects to select NPO or OBO
                based on board layout requirements without any change to the
                optical infrastructure or fiber plant.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    
</concept>
