<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="passage-l20-overview">
    
    <title><keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20"/></title>
    <shortdesc>The <keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20-tm"/> is the industry's first bidirectional-enabled
        high-density near-package and on-board optics solution, delivering 6.4 Tbps of optical
        bandwidth per direction for next-generation AI infrastructure.</shortdesc>
    
    <conbody>
        <p>Switch and XPU bandwidths are scaling faster than electrical signaling can follow. As AI
            clusters grow in scale and radix, the demand for high-bandwidth, low-latency optical
            interconnects has moved from the faceplate to the board itself. Pluggable optics cannot
            solve this because they contain bottlenecks at the panel, consume excessive power, and
            introduce retimer latency that degrades system performance.</p>
        
        <p>The <keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20"/> addresses this directly. Powered by Lightmatter's
            <keyword keyref="lm-passage"/> photonic engine, the <keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20"/> brings near-package optics (NPO) and
            on-board optics (OBO) to production-ready form factors, placing optical
            modules in close proximity to the host ASIC. The result is shorter
            electrical trace lengths, lower power consumption, and optical bandwidth
            that scales with deployment needs.</p>
        
        <p>The <keyword keyref="lm-passage-l20"/> is the first solution in its class to support
            bidirectional (BiDi) optical links to transmit and receive on a single fiber per lane.
            This halves fiber count requirements while maintaining full 6.4 Tbps per-direction
            bandwidth, making it the highest-density interconnect available for AI switching and
            accelerator fabrics.</p>
    </conbody>
    
</concept>
