<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="passage-l20-challenge">
    
    <title>The Interconnect Challenge</title>
    <shortdesc>Conventional pluggable optics and electrical signaling cannot
        keep pace with the bandwidth demands of next-generation AI switches
        and accelerators.</shortdesc>
    
    <conbody>
        <p>AI infrastructure is scaling rapidly in both compute density and
            network radix. Each new generation of XPUs and switch ASICs demands
            significantly more I/O bandwidth — but the electrical and optical
            technologies that carry that bandwidth are struggling to keep up.</p>
        
        <section>
            <title>Electrical signaling limits</title>
            <p>Higher radix designs require longer PCB traces between the ASIC
                and the panel. As trace lengths increase, signal integrity degrades,
                SerDes power consumption rises, and the practical bandwidth per lane
                decreases. Electrical signaling is approaching its physical limits
                for high-radix, high-bandwidth applications.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Pluggable optics limits</title>
            <p>Pluggable transceivers (OSFP, QSFP-DD) are constrained by the
                faceplate. Panel real estate is shared with power delivery and
                cooling infrastructure, placing a hard ceiling on total port count.
                Retimers required to bridge the electrical gap between the ASIC and
                the pluggable add latency and consume additional power. A single
                OSFP module occupies 88% more volume than an equivalent L20
                module.</p>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>The near-package opportunity</title>
            <p>Moving the optical engine off the faceplate and onto the board —
                in close proximity to the ASIC — eliminates the long trace penalty,
                removes the retimer from the critical path, and frees panel space
                for power and cooling. Near-package and on-board optics represent
                the next architectural step for AI networking infrastructure.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    
</concept>